 # mtm6302-capstone-dela0331
Part 4- steps and challenges

After the first three parts of the capstone project, I had all the html and css setup neede to go into the final part. Some css classes and styles were added/ changed as needed, along with some IDs in the index.html document, but for the most part everything was there. the first thing I added in with javascript was the dynamic pokemon boxes with the innerHTML method. I later realised that it wasn't working well with my async function, so with the help of my teacher, we ended up using a .push method. Now that the pokemon boxes were added in dynamically, and the api is working to add each individual pokemon into their respective box, I needed to ad the "see more" button to create another 20 pokemon. Once that was done, a "pokeball" button was placed inside the box, where JSON and local storage was used to store the saved pokemon and display it when the "caughtPokemonIcon" button was pressed. There was also another button placed inside each box, and when it was pressed, the box would expand to display more information. This is where I had the most challenges. Despite getting the box to expand, I was having lots of trouble display the new information with the second async function and other api. In the end I tried many methods, and reached out for help, however I did not end up figuring out how to make it function properly. I believe that I lacked the understanding of to retrieve the new api information using a second async funtion, and then pushing it into the existing box. In order to not break my javascript completely, I did end up removing some of my attempts at this from the code and leaving it as is. Overall what I've learned is that I need to spend moretime understanding the logic of javascript in order to be able to figure out these sorts of puzzles. I know that takes time, but with enough effort, the logic will be easier and easier to comprehend and be utilized in the future.
